Baby boy, what will not happen?!
It's those SAKS people again.
Should I turn on the Siren?
Boss go, go, go! We are with him! Go!
Sir! Sir, we're here.
Sir, there are a lot of us here.
Sir.
Sir, we're here. We're greeting you.
It's the boss we're talking to. Sir.
You'll keep boasting from here on out.
-Are you only buying akara?
-Yes.
They will give him.
Look at Uncle Paul passing by.
My son told me what you did for him.
-Bisi's mother.
-Thank you. Have a good day, okay?
-Have a good day. God will bless you.
-Yeah, good morning.
Paulo, my man. How are you?
-What's going on?
-I'm just happy to see you.
We got Ekene on line one.
Ekene good afternoon, how are you doing?
Hi Sandra, what is the meaning
of this game the police is playing?
If they want us to find the person,
they should give us a picture.
What is all this
Nollywood description they're doing?
Greetings.
Yes, Your Excellency.
Thank you, my boss.
As Christians that we are,
we often ask ourselves whether
God can really forgive our past sins.
We often ask ourselves.
Because honestly, some of us here,
have done some terrible things
before in our lives.
We have all committed
grave sins in our lives.
But the good news is that
this Bible that we read,
it says, in Second Corinthians 5 verse 17…
Baba Bernard, I am going to church.
You too have started
going to church? We're thankful.
Let my dad be a little happy.
Everything you've done previously,
God has done what? Thrown it away.
It is like paper, a used paper,
dirty paper that has been used, and torn
and thrown away.
Yahoo boys go to church?
What is this?
Do Yahoo boys now have ID cards?
-Open that bag! What is in it?
-Give me my bag!
Sir, what's wrong?
what is the matter, anyway?
-Hey!
-You're an accomplice.
-Ah! Officer, please.
-What did he do?
-Leave this place!
-Leave this place right now!
-Ah, please!
-Enter the vehicle!
-Get inside the car! Move.
Please, have mercy on me, please.
Hey.
Your father is a pastor?
Ah-ah, what is the meaning of this?
Leave me alone, please!
You can't take my picture,
what's the meaning of that?
You don't have the right
to take my picture.
You're harassing me.
You know your rights?
You want to teach me my job, right?
-I’m not a Yahoo boy. Please sir.
-Turn around!
Sir please, I'm begging you,
in the name of Jesus.
If it's not that, what is--
You remember we told you
that we do not release
the bodies of criminals
Sir, I beg. I beg you in God's name,
my child is innocent. I beg you.
Please, my child is innocent.
The family that your child kidnapped,
do you think about them at all?
Madam Vic, this case is very sensitive.
There's nothing I can do.
Sir Eagle please,
Sir, we told you to follow due process.
but your people are frustrating me.
What is this you're eating?
-This is amala.
-Remove your hand.
-Please give me the file.
-Let me eat some.
Didn't I tell you
not to come back here again?
Who is that?! What is going on here?
-Sir, you again?
-You again?
Go outside! Don't come
and destroy things in this office.
-You father of a kidnapper.
-Sir, move. What is your problem?
-Useless man.
-Coming to fight in our office.
-You'll see what will happen to you.
-Move!
Sir, there's no time.
Madam, have patience.
Oh, baby. Fine girl.
-Oh, baby. Hello.
-Fine girl.
-Hello!
-How are you?
-Come here!
-Fine girl, how are you?
Officer, we're hungry, we want to eat.
May hunger kill you!
Bring that girl, let's look at her face.
-Fine girl, wait!
-Oh, baby!
-Come!
-Oh, baby, wait!
Officer, please water!
Tell me if you see him.
What do you want?
SPEAK UP
GET ANGRY FREELY
Wait, wait! It was a rich man's kid.
The debt he owes me is a lot.
And I will collect.
You think about it.
You'd better, Mr. Man.
Do you still sleep around?
-Thank you, sir.
-Bye.
Take it easy.
What is all this rubbish
that you throw all around the place?
Take all this rubbish away
from the front of my shop right now.
Stop disrupting my sales
with your rubbish.
Good morning.
Look here, it's too early for this.
Alright, come. Well done.
It can't be so.
Shut up!
Deputy, how are you?
Yes he did.
The boy was as slippery as a snail.
-Slippery like a snail.
-Wow.
Osaretin, uh, before you go, please come.
A life for a life.
That's it.
Code red.
Big Daddy,
how are you doing? Welcome.
Greetings. Are you all good?
-Ah, greetings to you all.
-Thanks.
-Hands up!
-Hey!
That's it?
Baraka, how are we doing?
A little more time.
No way! You are mining
illegally under the cover of herdsmen.
You will not get away with it!
-Are they coming?
-Yes.
-Yes!
Is this man crazy?
Subtitle translation by: Ayolope Koiki